[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: We can
learn languages, skills,
abilities, but is it possible to
develop or advance your skills,
like telepathy?
Welcome to "Cosmic Disclosure."
Our dear friend, Emery Smith.
Hello, there.
>>EMERY SMITH: Hi,
George, how are you?
>>GEORGE: You are a master
of many topics, my friend.
>>SMITH: Well, there's
a lot I've been through
and a lot I need to share.
>>GEORGE: My aunt was a
psychiatrist and devoted
her entire practice to
the art of telepathy,
but she was convinced
that telepathy
was real, could be taught,
but some people had
this innate ability to do it.
What do you think?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I
agree with that.
I think some people
are just born--
through lineage
passed down from them
genetically-- that they have
a gift of telepathy already.
My case was a little
bit different.
I was able to learn
it through someone
who already knew telepathy.
It's hard to learn
telepathy just on your own.
>>GEORGE: Right.
You need a good teacher.
>>SMITH: You need a really good
teacher, someone that's already
mastered the art of it because
it takes a lot of dropping
the mind and emotion down
to communicate through space
and time, and that's
what it's really about.
It's about using more
of an emotional feeling
in replacement of
words, I'll say.
>>GEORGE: Yet some of us, Emery,
have this incredible ability
to do this on our own.
I think we're born
with it, aren't we?
>>SMITH: Yeah, everyone
is born with this ability,
it's just we've been suppressed
by all sorts of things,
from the foods we eat, and
the scalar interferometry,
and electromagnetic fields,
and things like this that
have to do with that
part of the brain
and that part of
the body that allows
us to signal each other
without using vocalization.
It still is a type of
frequency you're picking up,
but it's from within
time and space.
>>GEORGE: When ET abductees
talk to us, all of them
say they communicated
with me telepathically.
Is this like a universal
language, telepathy?
>>SMITH: Yeah, it's the
universal language, definitely.
The language of our
future is really
just a bunch of computer coding
and numbers and telepathy.
And there's going to be small
devices in the future that
will help with
telepathy, that will plug
into the back of your ear, kind
of like an earring-type thing,
or placed inside the
ear, which will enhance
the ability of telepathy between
multiple people at one time,
conversations going on.
So you'll definitely
see this technology,
I think, coming out in
the next decade as well.
>>GEORGE: With telepathy, we
can do some incredible things.
But how do we know
we're telepathic,
or if it's not just that
little inner voice in our head
telling us something?
>>SMITH: Well, it's kind of
like you start picking up
on things like
maybe someone will
pop into your mind,
a family member.
>>GEORGE: Right.
>>SMITH: And then all of
a sudden your phone rings
and it's them.
And you knew about it 5 to 30
seconds before it happened.
And this is a form of
awareness, awareness that's
opening up a form of telepathy.
A lot of remote viewers
have this telepathy.
It's something that everyone is
born with, and it's kind of now
being brought up because this
is how the future will be,
and there will be no
more telephone lines.
>>GEORGE: Is it the
brain that's doing this
or is there something
else outside of the brain?
>>SMITH: Oh, no.
You're sending-- every
thought is energy,
and energy affects
this whole field,
whether you want to call
it the morphogenetic field
or whatever field, or pop
culture term you want to use,
it's here and it's a conductor.
It's full of conductivity.
And that's why when
someone walks in the room
and they're angry, it can
change the whole mood of--
>>GEORGE: And you can feel it.
You can feel it from this guy.
>>SMITH: Right, and
you're going to pick up
on this because the vibratory
energy that we carry
is-- we're very
sensitive to this.
And I always teach my students--
basically get a deck of cards,
try to get a couple of cards
and--
>>GEORGE: Guess what they are.
>>SMITH: --and
guess what they are.
And most of my students are
all 10 on 10 every time.
>>GEORGE: That's amazing.
>>SMITH: And anyone
can learn this.
It's not like you're a
special superhero or anything.
But you have to be willing
enough to put the time into it,
and you have to be
willing enough to--
like you said, you
got to clear yourself
before walking into a room full
of clairvoyants and people that
are telepathic--
because if I'm angry,
and I walk into an operating
room with an extraterrestrial,
then through telepathy say,
hello, but inside I have anger,
it's going to be like, hello!
It's going to be like,
they're going to take it
in a totally different way.
But they're more
aware that we're still
learning this language,
and it's something
that comes from the heart.
So you have to take a deep
breath, you have to relax.
You got to get rid
of all your issues
you got going on
before you start
working on these projects
with these different beings
because they pick up on it.
And also, it can be very
comical at the same time.
>>GEORGE: Oh, absolutely.
Are governments using telepathy?
>>SMITH: Yes, oh, yes.
>>GEORGE: How so?
>>SMITH: Well, they're
using it for long--
instead of using like the
internet or phone or anything
that has to do with
electrical, there's
actually telepathy agents that
communicate across the world
as freely as we would
pick up a cell phone
and talk to each other.
And they're 100% accurate, and--
>>GEORGE: Wow.
>>SMITH: --they're just that in
tune and work together a lot.
The more they work together,
the better it gets.
And I've had a very
great experience with one
of my colleagues during
our CE-5 expeditions
and things like this,
where we could immediately
be having a conversation
amongst people,
and it's very clear where
there would be no mistakes.
>>GEORGE: I call it the
wireless internet, basically,
where you can communicate
wirelessly to individuals
and accomplish all
kinds of things.
>>SMITH: Well, that's the
other thing with telepathy,
it can manifest too when
you get really good at it,
and it can manifest things.
You can manifest positive
energy amongst someone
around the world, or it's
also a form of healing.
>>GEORGE: Is it like
remote viewing, too?
>>SMITH: It is.
It's all connected in
a very similar way.
Remote viewing is
a little different
because you're just
tapping into the field.
>>GEORGE: Right.
>>SMITH: Telepathy,
I'm intentionally
trying to communicate
with you or a being,
and the other person usually
is aware of that too.
So there's no guessing
going on, where
we're actually already engaged.
With remote viewing, you're
tapping into something unaware
and picking up on different
shapes and colors and things
and putting that together to
allow someone else to come
to a conclusion of what you
just drew or wrote on the paper.
So it is a little different,
but it uses the same field.
>>GEORGE: If I want to
telepathically send something
to someone, can
you intercept it?
What if I, me to
them, and you're here,
can you intercept
what my thoughts were?
>>SMITH: You can, but if
you're really good at this,
you can also just have
a two-way conversation.
>>GEORGE: And block you out?
>>SMITH: And block me out
and block everyone else out
in the room.
>>GEORGE: But what if you're
strong enough to basically--
>>SMITH: You can intercept
telepathy energies
and contact between
individuals and spy on them.
>>GEORGE: Isn't that what
the government Stargate
program basically was?
It was a remote viewing program,
but it was a spying program.
>>SMITH: It was a remote, right.
It's a spying remote
viewing program.
That things are in the air
and things are all over,
and they're just
grasping at these things
and pulling them together
and putting it together,
kind of like back in the old
days when we were picking up
radio transmissions
from our enemies,
and they were trying
to decipher things.
And they might hear
keywords and then
they would have to
put that together.
So there's information
everywhere right now,
all at your access.
But to be aware of it
is a whole other thing
because there's so much of
it right here in this space.
How do you hone in on
just this conversation?
>>GEORGE: As opposed
to another one?
>>SMITH: Right, or another one.
And that takes training, and it
just takes a lot of training.
>>GEORGE: Have you ever
communicated telepathically
with an ET?
>>SMITH: Oh, absolutely,
on my daily work.
I mean, when I was with
an extraterrestrial
or part of a project with an
extraterrestrial, many times,
of course, working across
the table from one.
They kind of already know--
I don't know how to block myself
back then, so I would walk in
and they would
chuckle or something.
Said, oh, you had a good
night last night or something
funny to that effect.
Or you're going to have a
good weekend because they
know I'm going out on a
date with a new girlfriend
or something.
So it was kind of
comical to me because I
couldn't hide anything, but
they knew everything about me.
But it also opened
me up to being
like your complete self
because to allow people
with telepathy into
your field, I'll say,
you get to basically
not have any secrets--
and relationships seem
to go very well when
there's no secrets--
and you also get a
very loyal honor system
going with someone, ET or not--
>>GEORGE: Right
>>SMITH: --that has
telepathy because it's
kind of intimate in a way
because you both are connected
in a interesting energetic way
and you share the same energy
for a short period of time, for
that minute or that 30 seconds.
>>GEORGE: How does
telepathy work
beyond the barrier of language?
I mean, you and I are
speaking English right now.
Telepathically, you understand
what an ET may be sending you,
but they could be talking
in Jabba for all we know.
How do you decipher that?
>>SMITH: Yeah, it's
a download actually.
And before I take people out on
these expeditions to possibly,
maybe see an ET or
meet one, I make
sure they memorize
about 150 questions.
>>GEORGE: 150?
>>SMITH: You have to
memorize about 100,
150 questions because when
you meet an extraterrestrial,
you don't have
usually much time.
>>GEORGE: Give me
one of the questions.
>>SMITH: Oh, you know,
where are you from?
Do you have a family?
What is your--
>>GEORGE: And you send
that telepathically?
>>SMITH: Telepathically,
but it's already memorized,
and you're thinking about
just your questions.
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: And you're going
through them in your mind,
and soon as you're there, within
less than a second of being
in the field and making
contact, all your questions
are answered within a second.
So now you're just
sitting there--
>>GEORGE: How do
you decipher that?
>>SMITH: --smiling,
crying possibly,
and it's like, my goodness,
that was like a download.
Your brain just now has answered
everything, and you have it.
>>GEORGE: And you pick
them up one at a time,
or how do you do that?
>>SMITH: Well, no.
It's you already know.
It's everything immediately.
>>GEORGE: Just like that?
>>SMITH: Just like
that, within a second.
>>GEORGE: Wow.
>>SMITH: And then you're
sitting there like a silly--
>>GEORGE: I can't
remember five questions.
How am I going to remember 150?
>>SMITH: Well, you
do these things
when you're part of
the team, and if you're
doing it for a long time.
And the worst thing about it
is once you get answered--
whatever, 100, 150 questions--
it just makes you want
to ask another 1,000
questions because--
>>GEORGE: Right,
you're hungry for it.
>>SMITH: --now it's just, oh, my
goodness, well, if that's true,
then well, and then--
but that's kind of how it works.
>>GEORGE: How do you
know it's working?
How do you know it's accurate?
>>SMITH: Well, because
of the meeting,
which is usually a positive
meeting, an arranged meeting--
>>GEORGE: Between?
>>SMITH: Between ET and human.
>>GEORGE: OK.
>>SMITH: This is a normal thing.
And they don't have
usually a reason
to hide or lie unless
it's a question that
will cause damage or affect
the future or something.
So it's a very respected
professional-type meeting.
This is a meeting that
when you're there,
it's a prepared thing.
>>GEORGE: Does telepathy
have any bounds?
How far can you telepathically
send a message to someone?
Can I send one to you on
another planet, for example?
>>SMITH: Well, there's
no space in time
because when we're trying to
make contact in the field,
we're sending out the energy of
where we're at on planet Earth,
and we're zooming out, showing
our own visual in our brain
and projecting that
into interstellar space.
>>GEORGE: Wherever it may go.
>>SMITH: Wherever it may go.
And, of course,
like I said, there's
information everywhere that
gets picked up and grabbed.
There's actually
extraterrestrials out there
that are looking
for these signals.
And they pick up
on it, and they see
there's a group of people that
are all projecting this area,
and they want-- and there's
no one there that has fear,
and they do want
to make contact.
And they log on to
this like a laser beam,
and they start to
travel to this area.
It could be inter-dimensionally.
It could be actually through
just regular linear space
and time.
It could be nonlinear.
So they are coming though, and
they do come and make contact
in this fashion.
So it is an unlimited--
it's not so much, don't think of
it as from 4 feet from yourself
to I, think of it
as there is no--
we're already connected.
We already are in the same
universe, the same space.
>>GEORGE: Why would you
use telepathy as opposed
to picking up a smartphone?
>>SMITH: Well, telepathy,
number one, is easier.
Telepathy, the message is a
lot clearer than even language,
talking or texting, for sure.
>>GEORGE: Can't be tracked.
>>SMITH: I think texting
is the most horrible thing
because you can
take that sentence
in many different ways.
So I'm really against texting.
I'm a--
>>GEORGE: We've all been there.
>>SMITH: --horrible texter.
And even speaking can
also be misinterpreted
depending on the mood and
emotion of the person.
Because when you speak, you
also are projecting energy.
And every time I'm on the show
and people are listening to me,
I am projecting telepathy.
I'm also projecting
positivity and hoping
that the listeners
are receiving this
and being receptive
in a positive way.
So it's in the voice.
People really listen
to what you're saying.
And you can hear it in someone's
voice if they're being genuine,
if they're not being
genuine, or if they're
lying, if they're being
upset about something
and being judgmental.
All this is through
the frequency,
even through just voice.
So voice is a very-- also--
thing you have to be careful
with, especially when you're
talking to other countries and--
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: --other races with
different languages just here
on Earth.
>>GEORGE: How would
you use telepathy?
In what areas?
>>SMITH: Well, I use
telepathy in my relationships
with people and colleagues.
I use it also with
projects that I'm
trying to accomplish
with the governments,
and also when I'm working with
scientists in the labs, which
I still do to this day.
There's something
there besides saying,
you should do it
this way or that way.
You can project it
and insinuate it.
And humans are a little
bit egoed at times--
>>GEORGE: No, not humans.
>>SMITH: And we sometimes--
you have to be delicate.
So when I'm communicating,
or when people are asking me
how to solve a problem,
I'll use my telepathy
to help them get on
the same page as me.
And it's not a control thing.
It's a free choice, but as
I'm explaining something,
like I'm explaining
now, like I said,
it's about listening
and also projecting--
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: --to get a positive
outcome for the mission
or whatever you're doing.
>>GEORGE: Do you do it as a
conversation telepathically
with and ET, or
human, or whomever?
>>SMITH: Well, on the
projects with the ETs, yes.
Not so much now in the labs.
I'm working with
the civilian stuff.
But I do have a few
scientists that I currently
work with that have
the ability to do that.
And we will use it actually
back and forth in conjunction
with talking.
>>GEORGE: If you've
ever been a pet owner,
you just know that there's
a connection between you
and the animal, whether
it's a cat or a dog.
They know intuitively
what's going on.
And they seem to
project telepathically
a thing, a thought to
you and vice versa.
Have you tried that
with an animal?
>>SMITH: Oh, absolutely.
The first time I
learned about telepathy
was not in the projects,
it was on the farm,
growing up with the animals
because I was always
around dogs and cats
and horses and cows.
>>GEORGE: You were born into it.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I
was born into this.
And it was just me
and the animals.
I was always a pretty solo kid
growing up with these animals.
And I remember-- one
of those tragic times
was a moment where I was
camping out and one of my dogs
ran into the tent and looked
at me and said, Shadow is dead.
>>GEORGE: Oh.
>>SMITH: And I
just looked at her.
How did you just say that?
And I just ran out of the tent--
>>GEORGE: It's like
you heard her, right?
>>SMITH: --and I ran-- yeah--
and I ran out of the tent, and
there's my dog Shadow, dead.
Must've got bitten by
a rattler, I think.
>>GEORGE: Oh.
>>SMITH: But the fact that
it happened, I was just so--
and I look back at, she was
a wire-haired terrier, a mix,
a mutt, and Shadow was
a Brittany spaniel--
and I was so still
in shock, number one,
that I just lost my best friend.
And number two, the dog is
still looking me in the eyes
to know that I
accepted this message.
>>GEORGE: Told you--
>>SMITH: Right, right--
>>GEORGE: Kind of thing.
>>SMITH: So I picked up the dog
and I ran a half a mile home.
And I remember my family
coming out on the porch
hearing me yelling--
my mother and father and my
sister, and one of her friends
who had just flown in--
and I said, Shadow is dead.
Shadow's dead.
Sneakers told me.
Sneakers was the little
dog that told me.
And they're looking at--
>>GEORGE: That they
didn't understand.
>>SMITH: And then I'm
like, Sneakers told me.
You can-- and, of
course, they're
looking at me like I'm
bat nut crazy here.
And anyway, that was the
first time where I really
respected like the connection--
>>GEORGE: With an animal.
>>SMITH: With the animal.
And I was probably
around the age of,
I don't know, maybe
11, 10 or 11, I think.
Telepathy is a language.
It's a universal language.
It's not like-- and China has
all these dialects, you know?
And even when you go to Italy,
you can go into another city
and it's like a
little bit different.
So there's no misunderstanding
with telepathy.
OK, you're not hearing
in another language.
>>GEORGE: What about
emotion with telepathy?
Like the dog, I'm
sure the dog when
it told you that the other
one was dead, was emotional?
>>SMITH: Was in a panic
state of emergency,
like get out here and help
this, help my brother.
Telepathy is about thinking
of what you want to say,
but emotionally projecting it.
So I would project something
in a neutral emotion.
I would project it in a happy
or a loving, or in a panic,
or in an emergency.
I need help type thing.
So you are saying
it in your brain--
>>GEORGE: Right.
>>SMITH: --but you have
to put emotion behind it
or it won't go nowhere.
Because it's the emotion--
>>GEORGE: That sends it out?
>>SMITH: --and energy that sends
it out, and that's the secret.
>>GEORGE: So the more
emotion, the easier it is?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: You think?
>>SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Huh.
Is it coming from your brain?
Or where is it coming
from, the telepathy?
>>SMITH: Well, it's coming
from all over, the whole body.
Because your body and
every cell in your body
activates when you
have an emotion.
And that's why chemicals
are released in your brain
during emergency
situations, like adrenaline.
It sets a different
vibratory effect.
So all your cells are
actually talking to each other
and vibrating back
and forth, and they're
building up this emotion--
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: --frequency, that
you utilize to send out
by thinking about it.
Because when you think about
it, you're being aware.
>>GEORGE: It's an
incredible gift
if you can use it
and use it right.
>>SMITH: It is, and we're all
going to be doing it soon.
>>GEORGE: When you say, we're
all going to be doing it,
is it going to be
like out of necessity?
>>SMITH: No, it'll be a choice.
>>GEORGE: I mean, is something
going to happen to us?
>>SMITH: No.
I don't think
there's going to be
some big shower of
light that comes down
and we're all enlightened.
And I think enlightenment
takes time and patience.
And like you said, it's a
gift for some of these people
that are already born
with it, but it's also
something we have to work at.
It's like any language, we
just don't like pick it up,
but there's ways to pick
up language a lot faster--
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: --by using
different techniques.
And I think once we conquer
that, and more people that
know telepathy come
forward and start actually
teaching like we
teach this, that it's
going to be a little
bit easier for people
to understand because no one
wants to put the time in.
Like, why would I want
to learn telepathy?
I mean, what do I
need it in my daily--
>>GEORGE: Oh, well, what
am I going to use it for.
>>SMITH: --life.
I don't want George telling me
what to do, or this or that.
It's something that you really
have to consciously want
to be part of and put
the effort into it
and practice with your
family and friends.
And it can be a
really fun thing.
>>GEORGE: Have you ever
picked up the emotion
of an extraterrestrial
telepathically?
Do they--
>>SMITH: Oh, absolutely.
>>GEORGE: --show you anything?
>>SMITH: That's the
first thing you pick up
before a conversation happens.
It's usually a very
overwhelmingly happy
experience.
Sometimes their frequency
emotion is so high vibratory
that it'll affect you.
Like for instance--
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>SMITH: --you see someone--
a good example would be like I
see this happen to women a lot.
They see someone crying,
two women will be crying,
and another woman walks by and
sees this and now she's crying.
And it's like this emotion,
people that are all crying.
And men too, I mean,
it's just like that.
You have an emotional connection
first and then from there.
Now, there are
times where the ET
might be frustrated with you.
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: And you can feel that--
>>GEORGE: You can
feel that emotion?
>>SMITH: You feel this
frustration and emotion.
And that gets to be put together
into your brain as a language
that you understand.
Like, oh, I'm sorry.
I know you're frustrated
with me because I just
dropped this instrument,
but it's something you know.
You're not guessing at it.
It's just you feel
it and the message
comes along with it sometimes.
>>GEORGE: There are studies that
show that some people are more
prone to have telepathic or
psychic abilities than others,
genetically.
That's amazing.
>>SMITH: Oh, I've heard
I've heard about this.
And we have studied this
for a very, very long time--
the government, I mean, and
other institutions-- and that's
why I brought it up
because of learning
under these great scholars that
it is a lineage-related thing.
>>GEORGE: It's remarkable.
>>SMITH: And but no one talks
about what kind of lineage
and where the lineage came from,
which I hope to someday expose.
And that has to do with a
lot of different things,
but of course, it's
extraterrestrial-based.
>>GEORGE: They gave it to us?
>>SMITH: When they were
making us, I'll say.
And when we were interbreeding
through the cosmos,
through other extraterrestrials.
Just like here on
planet Earth, we
are interbreeding
with all races.
So we have a little
bit of everyone.
Well, guess what's happening
in the universe with all
the extraterrestrials.
Don't forget that we all still
have human DNA, even they do.
So there's a lot of
interbreeding with that.
And at one time there
was interbreeding here
on planet Earth.
And a lot of that
old, old, old lineage
has survived in some people.
And it only takes one person
in the beginning of time
to spread the lineage of
this to a billion people.
>>GEORGE: What would
you say, Emery,
is the best gift
having telepathy?
What does it do?
>>SMITH: I think the
biggest gift for that
is actually knowing someone.
Telepathy gives you--
>>GEORGE: You mean
through telepathy?
>>SMITH: Through
telepathy, you really get
to know the core of someone
because we are just shells
here.
I'm just a shell.
And you're looking at
me and reading my face
and listening to
me, but you don't
know everything
I've been through
and everything about me.
>>GEORGE: Of course, not.
>>SMITH: But like I said--
>>GEORGE: But I might
through telepathy?
>>SMITH: But through
telepathy you
get a little bit more intimate.
You get sometimes
bits and pieces
of who the person's
real heart stands for.
You know, what their
true intention is.
So I think that was like the
biggest gift out of telepathy
I ever received was really
reading people and really
knowing their intentions
and making good judgment
calls in projects,
which saved lives,
and moving forward, and
creating things that save lives.
And so it really was a big
stepping stone for me, I think.
>>GEORGE: Emery, thanks for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>SMITH: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>GEORGE: I'm George
Noory, and thanks
for watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure."
Where people share their
clandestine involvement
with government agencies, the
military, and secret space
programs.
>>SMITH: We deserve this.
We've been through
a lot, everyone.
You know, I'm talking about
the planet, and we need help.
>>RICE: What happens when people
wake up and completely reject
everything that they've
been brainwashed to believe?
[THEME MUSIC]